Indonesia
painkiller performing self
MP3
Hi hey and hello everyone is back
on this channel Of course to watch the
storyline of this film I will
summarize the plot of the film entitled the
illusionist which was released in 2006
this film tells about a
child of a frame craftsman who
studies science  illusionist to
make a princess of royal descent
fall in love with him but their love is
hindered by caste and because of that the
child finally goes around the
world to further strengthen
his illusionist knowledge so that he is able to
get his love back Okay for
more details, let's see
the full video at the beginning of the film  we will be
shown a man who
is on a stage
performance where this man is
the main character of this film named
Edward suddenly next to him appears a
puff of smoke that resembles
a spirit and a spectator
then stands up and says
it how how much how a chief
inspector of the Vienna police named
Walter Ul then went on stage
and ordered his men to
make an arrest of Edward
on charges of public fraud that
could potentially endanger the lion kingdom
then turned to the room of a
royal crown prince named
Leopold.  The Inspector
gave a report to Leopold
regarding Edward's case which he was
working on at the time. The Inspector then
continued his report by
telling the story of Edward's past
and the plot of the film went back to
the illusionist's past.
Edward was the son of a
wood craftsman who was interested
in magic.  After meeting
an illusionist grandfather who is able to
eliminate objects and even eliminate
himself since then he
started practicing magic on his own and
slowly he began to become proficient one
day when Edward was walking in the
middle of the city while walking.  When I practiced
magic,
she was seen by a Hungarian royal princess
named Sofi.
Edward's skill in magic made Sofi
amazed and attracted to Edward and
that's why Sofi began
to approach Edward. Their relationship
became closer
and closer until they both fell in
love.  they were banned
by the kingdom because Edward was
just a commoner but
they both didn't care about the
ban from the kingdom to meet and
they had a secret place in the
middle of the forest to meet and play
magic together on the channel Edward said
to Sofi that there was a
reliable illusionist in China who  can remove
all objects including humans
Hai Edward promised Sofi to
take him there so that
their love would not be hindered by the
royal party anymore as a sign of
Edward's love for Sofi Edward made
a pendant which contained  the
photo and Sofie one day Sofi
fled from the Kingdom to
meet with Edward in their secret place
and at that time he was
being chased by the royal people
they both then hid in a
secret place They then Sofi asked
Edward to make them both
disappear from  At that place Edward, who
at that time did not have the ability,
could not do it and finally
they were both caught by the
royal people since then Edward was
strictly forbidden by the kingdom to
meet again with sofi and from
that moment Edward decided to
leave the city of Vienna to travel
around the world.  to learn
more powerful illusion tricks 15 years after
Edward's departure from the city of Vienna he
finally returned to his hometown
performing his great illusion tricks
which he had learned from all over
the world now he owns a
theater for performances And now he is better
known as YP  on
show  But this time Ijen Hai
played a very
opening game Wow where he could grow
an orange tree from a
fresh orange seed in just a few
seconds
yo yo
hai
hai hai
Hai the show that time was very
successful because it managed to impress the entire
audience including also
Superintendent ul who happened to watch
aise Hain's show at that time the
success of the next night's show was
also able to make a lot of money which
made the manager of eisenheim very happy
one day the Inspector went to the
aisenai theater with his men
to do an inspection after the
Inspector met Hamdi's action theatre. The
Inspector explained that  the inspection
was carried out because the crown prince
Leopard would come to watch
the aise Hi show that night
the Inspector also asked how
the orange tree trick that ICM played
yesterday but I'm not going to
tell him and he instead told
another trick  to the Inspector then the
essay asked the Inspector to
leave the theater because he would be
preparing for his show that
evening the YIMM show
started and the report and his family
had already gone
to watch Aise Hain's show this
time the trick that will be played by
Hai requires a volunteer from
the audience to play with him
in the audience.  on stage and to his
surprise Leopard appointed a
woman next to him to be
a female volunteer then came to the
stage then Manager aisenai
greeted him by mentioning the
woman's nobility name, namely
Dutch foundation Eyes on him immediately
realized that this woman was the
woman sofi who he loved so much.
To make Sofi realize
that he was Edward, her first lover,
however, it seems like shopee couldn't
catch the code I'm given.
Even so, Ijen hem
continues his illusion performance. Sofi is
asked to stand in front of him.  in front of a
mirror using a red robe
then Sofi is asked to do
some slow movements Sofi's
reflection in the mirror does not follow the movements
made by Sofi then
a new image appears behind the
shadow but the shadow carries
a sword suddenly the shadow
carrying the sword slashes  Sofi's shadow
then the dead shadow ROM was
pulled out by I'm which made
Sofi suddenly limp and
fell in Nais' arms I'm after the
show finished Sofi Returned to
her seat and the performance
that time again succeeded in making the entire
audience amazed  -Amazed but the success of the
show that time actually made
him nervous after he saw Sofi who is
now a Leopold
Manager assign partner. Then came and
told Yi to come to
Leopold's family room because they wanted to
meet Leopard's designs
praising the great action that ASEAN
had done earlier  but taste  His curiosity made him
eager to reveal the secret of the
trick I'm doing.
Therefore he asked the Essaim to come to
his palace to do
another illusion trick. Ijen
Hai gladly accepted the invitation from Prince
Leopold
and before Leopard and Sofie left
the room Ice  nine promised
to put on a show that was
more interesting than the previous show
and he said that he would
eliminate Leopold Hearing
this Sofi immediately realized that
Eisenheim was Edward, her lover who
had been away from Vienna for a long time outside the
stage Ijen hem who was walking
home with his manager
asked  told his manager about the
relationship between Leopard and Sofie it was
known that Sofi was
Leopold's future wife and they would soon
get married in the
near future but the manager said that trouble
was a cruel crown prince and
even rumored that he had
killed a woman and then covered up the
woman's death the next
day Ijen Hai got a
letter from someone asking him
to meet in a horse carriage,
it turned out to be a letter from
Sofi asking Eisenheim to
meet in secret. On this
occasion i
Hai congratulated Sofi
for  soon she will become
an empress but Sofi looks
unhappy about her marriage plan
with Leopold she actually says that
she really misses nice I'm and all
this time she really wants to meet him
again Sofi really still loves
Edward as seen from a Shin who
shows that  Sofi is still
wearing the pendant
that Edward gave her when their meeting was discovered by one of Inspector Ul's men and because of that the Inspector
called Edward to meet him
at a restaurant.
b If Sofi was
just a childhood friend, long
story short, the day of Naim's performance at
Leopold's palace arrived. Leopard opened the
event that time by giving
a brief welcome that was slightly spiced up
with a cynical satire on the
illusion tricks played by I'm the
show that time it started with
making  a
and Leopard's father empty-handed
after the painting so Leopard came
forward to prove
that what I'm did earlier was just a
trick where he said that snh4
steam used a tool or a
chemical concoction to make the
painting But he couldn't prove
his words then he challenged
yay to do something without
using any tools Ijen Hai
accepted the challenge then
aise Hi borrowed Leopold's sword to stick
on the floor He
made Leopard's sword look as if it
became an excalibur sword how
only people deserve to be
a  ra  only he could pull out the
sword. He then asked several
people from the audience to try to
pull out the sword but none of
them managed to do it until
finally Leopold, who really wanted to
dismantle Hai's trick,
tried to do it himself but
he couldn't pull out his sword either.
he feels that he has been abused by
I'm because he can't draw
his own sword which means
that he doesn't deserve to be a
king Leopold settles eisenheim he
gives a code to revoke his magic
so that he is not humiliated in front of his
entire family and kindly
Ijen Hai  released his magic and
Leopold managed to pull out his sword.
Aise Hain's show that time really
annoyed Leopard and because of that he
asked the Inspector to immediately close
Eisenheim's theater. Long story short,
Sofi, knowing that Eisenheim
was in trouble, went straight
to the house. I'm set.  after he knew
I'm home address from his manager sophim
warned that
eisenheim's theater would soon close but I'm himself
didn't seem to care about the
warning given by Sofi they both
argued but not long after eisenheim
suddenly attacked Sofi's lips last afternoon
the two of them went inside and
did a skidipapap
sawadikap Hai after the fun activity was
over Sofi then told me that she
really didn't want to marry
Leopold because actually he was
just part of Leopold's plan
to get Masa from Hungary
to overthrow his own father's government
Heard about that Ijen hai then
invites Sofi to run away
with him and go live happily
together without any interference from the
kingdom again the next day as
Leopard asked yesterday the
Vienna police finally closed the theater owned by
eisenheim Manager assign was very angry
because of the iclaim performance at
Leopar palace  d yesterday their theater was
finally closed by Leo pot but
eisenheim said that he still
had money saved to rent
a new theater then he went to the bank
to take the money He then
went with a suitcase and
met Sofi in the middle of the city
their meeting was again seen by
Inspector Ul's subordinates and of course this
reached Inspector Ul's ears, finally
this Inspector intervened to spy on Ymh
who was meeting
an old man at the
Inspector's train station and then went to Leopold
to report the affair
committed by I'm and  Sofie then He
also said that it was possible that the
two of them would make an escape
knowing this Leopard immediately
called Sofi to come to his palace that
night Leopold who had just
arrived at the palace immediately entered
his room to meet Sofi
slowly he began to berate Sofi
while drinking alcohol  what's in
m  the spelling of the situation became hotter
as the passing had begun to sway due to the
alcohol he drank then Sofi
who was fed up with Leopard's verbal abuse
said that she would not
marry Leopold and became
part of his plan Sofi then
left Leopard's room to the
stables to get her horse  and
rushed home Leopold, whose emotions
had peaked, followed Sofi
from behind to the stables and
soon Sofi's screams were heard
and Sofi came out of the stable
with her horse but
Sofi's body gesture at that time showed that
Sofi was no longer alive, the
incident happened to be seen by  one of
Leopold's servants but he couldn't
say anything and could only be a
silent witness the next day the horse that
Sofi rode yesterday returned
to Sofi's residence covered in
blood. One of the servants who saw it
immediately asked people
to search for Sofi kare.  I was
worried that something had happened to him, Ijen
Hem also joined in the search and
finally one of the people saw
Sofi's body which was already floating on the ICM River and
immediately ran to the river and
there he already found Sofi in
a lifeless state. Inspector
Then came to the crime scene
to investigate  conducting a crime scene
based on information from the
royal doctor there was a stab wound in
the neck area of Sofi Inspector Then wanted to
see Sofi's corpse for himself to
confirm Sofi's death 6
royal doctors forbade him to
see Sofi's body thoroughly
the royal doctor then gave
a red gemstone that he
found in the body  Sofi, who then turned the
stone into evidence by
Inspector Ul before leaving the
place, ic6 came to the
Inspector to say that the
culprit was none other
than Leopold because the last place
Sofi visited yesterday was
Inspector Leopold's palace.  r denied the
accusations from iclaim because Leopard
was in Hungary at that time. However,
because SNI provoked Inspector Ul
By saying that he had
conspired with Leopold, the Inspector
then went to Leopold's palace to
carry out further investigations
he arrived at the horse stable where Sofi put her
horse yesterday in  there the Inspector
seemed to see there was a gleam of jewels behind the haystack but unfortunately he had not had time to confirm the object he was
asked to leave the
stables because the Leopard had come
hi hi